README.md, before:

# GitHub Copilot Productivity Study

## Welcome the study

This study seeks to make a study of the impact of introducing CoPilot for developers.   
To compare productivity of using CoPilot two requirements’ exercises detailing a limited set of functionalities to be produced and compared.

In this study we are asking you to complete two assignments, one using GitHub Copilot and one using all other aids (ie. Google, Stack Overflow) <U>except AI based tools</U>.

See [Development environment](#DevEnvironment) for information about executing the assgnment.

## Execution of assignments

Please follow the steps below and make a "commit" when asked (this to be able to time the execution of the task)

1. Read and answer the question in the the file _"Start Interview.md"_ in the Interviews folder.  
__After answering the start interview make a commit with the message "Start Interview answered".__
1. You must first complete a task <U>without using GitHub Copilot</U>
    1. Go to the folder you are tasked to solve first.
    1. Read the Assignment file (*.md)
    1. Be aware that there also are sample input/output files you can use while testing.  
    1. When the requirement is read and understood, in plain language write a small text of your understanding of the assignment in the assignment file.
    1. __After writing your understanding of the assigment make a commit with the message "Requirement without using Copilot understanded"__
1. Start solving the assingment    
   1. We expect you are testing the solution with a test file, but you are free to write the test before or after you solve the problem!
   1. While solving the problem you are free to make a commit as often you want.
   1. __After solving the assignment make a commit with the message "Assignment without using GitHub Copilot Done"__
1. Secondly complete the next task <U>using GitHub Copilot</u>
    1. Go to the folder you are tasked to solve next.
    1. Read the Assignment file (*.md)
    1. Be aware that there also are sample input/output files you can use while testing.  
    1. When the requirement is read and understood, in plain language write a small text of your understanding of the assignment in the assignment file.
    1. __After writing your understanding of the assigment make a commit with the message "Requirement using Copilot understanded"__
1. Start solving the next assingment    
   1. We expect you are testing the solution with a test file, but you are free to write the test before or after you solve the problem!
   1. While solving the problem you are free to make a commit as often you want.
   1. __After solving the assignment make a commit with the message "Assignment using GitHub Copilot Done"__
1. After completing the two assingment, read and answer the file "End Interview.md".  
__After answering the end interview make a commit with the message "End Interview answered".__
1. Push the repository to your GitHub account  
_We are able to see the content of this repository, but will delete the access as soon we are finish evaluating the result._

## <a name="DevEnvironment"></a> Development environment

Your options of development environment to solve these assignments is up to your preferred choice (Pycharm or others). 
However, we have made some preparations so that you car choose either to use a local Visual Studio or using Github Codespaces (a virtual Visual Studio Code).

When you start GitHub Visual Studio Code, the editor will prompt you for installing some extensions. 
These extensions are Python and GitHub Code Pilot specific and you are asked to install these when starting the editor.

### Start Github Codespaces

You start the GitHub Codespace from the assigned GitHub repository by clicking on the green code button and then click the "Start codespace on master" button in the Codespaces' tab.

![StartGitHubCodespace](./.Attachments/GitHubCodespacesCreation.png)

Commit message:

Hmh update 20230915 (#7)
* Changed reference to image

* Moved file

* Added pictures and updated Readme

README.md, after:

# GitHub Copilot Productivity Study

## Welcome the study

This study seeks to make a study of the impact of introducing CoPilot for developers.   
To compare productivity of using Copilot two requirements’ exercises detailing a limited set of functionalities to be produced and compared.

In this study we are asking you to complete two assignments, one using GitHub Copilot and one using all other aids (ie. Google, Stack Overflow) <U>except AI based tools</U>.

See [Development environment](#DevEnvironment) for information about executing the assgnment.

## Execution of assignments

Please follow the steps below and make a "commit" when asked (this to be able to time the execution of the task)

1. You must first complete a task <U>without using GitHub Copilot</U>
    1. Go to the folder you are tasked to solve first.
    1. Read the Assignment file (*.md)
    1. Be aware that there also are sample input/output files you can use while testing.  
    1. When the requirement is read and understood, in plain language write a small text of your understanding of the assignment in the assignment file.
    1. __After writing your understanding of the assigment make a commit with the message "Requirement without using Copilot understanded"__
1. Start solving the assingment    
   1. We expect you are testing the solution with a test file, but you are free to write the test before or after you solve the problem!
   1. While solving the problem you are free to make a commit as often you want.
   1. __After solving the assignment make a commit with the message "Assignment without using GitHub Copilot Done"__
1. Secondly complete the next task <U>using GitHub Copilot</u>
    1. Go to the folder you are tasked to solve next.
    1. Read the Assignment file (*.md)
    1. Be aware that there also are sample input/output files you can use while testing.  
    1. When the requirement is read and understood, in plain language write a small text of your understanding of the assignment in the assignment file.
    1. __After writing your understanding of the assigment make a commit with the message "Requirement using Copilot understanded"__
1. Start solving the next assingment    
   1. We expect you are testing the solution with a test file, but you are free to write the test before or after you solve the problem!
   1. While solving the problem you are free to make a commit as often you want.
   1. __After solving the assignment make a commit with the message "Assignment using GitHub Copilot Done"__
1. After completing the two assingment, read and answer the file "End Interview.md".  
__After answering the end interview make a commit with the message "End Interview answered".__
1. Push the repository to your GitHub account  
_We are able to see the content of this repository, but will delete the access as soon we are finish evaluating the result._

## <a name="DevEnvironment"></a> Development environment

Your options of development environment to solve these assignments is up to your preferred choice (Pycharm or others). 
However, we have made some preparations so that you car choose either to use a local Visual Studio or using Github Codespaces (a virtual Visual Studio Code).

When you start GitHub Visual Studio Code, the editor will prompt you for installing some extensions. 
These extensions are Python and GitHub Code Pilot specific and you are asked to install these when starting the editor.  

<img src="./.Attachments/GitHubCodespacesExtensionInstall.png" width="400" height="100">
<img src="./.Attachments/GitHubCodespacesExtensionInstalled.png" width="200" height="220">

>__Be aware that the Copilot plugin need to be enabled or disabled depending on what assignement you are on.__

### Start Github Codespaces

You start the GitHub Codespace from the assigned GitHub repository by clicking on the green code button and then click the "Start codespace on master" button in the Codespaces' tab.

<img src="./.Attachments/GitHubCodespacesCreation.png" width="300" height="300">
